operations:partitions: add custom partition config (#44)
omnivector-solutions/osd-documentation: operations/partitions.rst

   Although it is possible to change the partition state with ``scontrol``,
   that change will be overwriten by the charms whenever OSD needs to update
   the Slurm configuration file.

Extra partition configuration options
#####################################

> OSD supports allows the administrator to set any partition configuration, using

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OSD allows the administrator to set any partition configuration using
```

the *charm configuration* ``partition-config``. Please refer to the official
Slurm documentation for `configuring partitions
<https://slurm.schedmd.com/slurm.conf.html#SECTION_PARTITION-CONFIGURATION>`_

> for details on all options available, also to :ref:`Configuration - Slurmd

Reviewer: ```suggestion
for details on all options available. More charm configuration options are described in  :ref:`Configuration - Slurmd
```
